What's wrong with being a mistress?
Although our Tian family is not the head of any aristocratic family
It still requires a face.
You actually forced your daughter to be a mistress for someone else
Are you such a mother?
Am I not for the Tian family?
Do you know
If we don't get any more money
Our Tian family's factory is about to shut down
Do you know how much you lost?
What are you doing today?
Are you watching our Tian family joke?
There are many ways to solve the lack of money
Loan financing
They even sold off some of their properties.
But you chose to sell your daughter
What an immediate marriage
You dog
He also taught me how to do business
Get out of here
It's hopeless
What factory workers are on strike?
Did you do it today?
Can't see better than Tian Jiahao
Dirty person
I just want others to be dirty too
Do you dare to scold me?
I'll help you one last time
I will never help you again
Let's go wait and see behind
Brother Tian, you dare to go against this chairperson
Now I know how serious the consequences are